README.md, before:

Snap-in-Time
============

![Lint,PyTest, MyPy, and Coverage](https://github.com/djotaku/Snap-in-Time/workflows/Lint,PyTest,%20MyPy,%20and%20Coverage/badge.svg) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/djotaku/Snap-in-Time/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/djotaku/Snap-in-Time) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/snap-in-time/badge/?version=latest)](https://snap-in-time.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

script for btrfs backups to create hourly snapshots & backups and cull the snapshots & backups.

The script should be added to root's cron job (or the user, but to really work correctly should have the sudoers file edited to let this script run without a password) running hourly.

Documentation: https://snap-in-time.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

# Overhaul - starting 20200303

God, what a mess I made back in 2014. Holy moly, look at that mess: https://github.com/djotaku/Snap-in-Time/tree/b7f1af14aca489a87d9263bdeeeab4d69cdab584 . Lines 51-150 are recreating something that I anticipate will be a cakewalk using built-in modules. Ugh! Anyway, the overhaul branch will be me starting mostly from scratch and doing this correctly, using Pythonic principles and, generally, not sucking like what I wrote 6 years ago.

Commit message:

Examples added and readme.md clarification
Should make it easier for folks to make use of snapintime.

README.md, after:

Snap-in-Time
============

![Lint,PyTest, MyPy, and Coverage](https://github.com/djotaku/Snap-in-Time/workflows/Lint,PyTest,%20MyPy,%20and%20Coverage/badge.svg) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/djotaku/Snap-in-Time/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/djotaku/Snap-in-Time) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/snap-in-time/badge/?version=latest)](https://snap-in-time.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

script for btrfs backups to create hourly snapshots, remote backups, and cull the snapshots.

See the examples directory for some examples of scripts that could be used to run this program. Ideally, you'd be running it hourly since snapshots don't take up a lot of space unless you have a large file that's constantly changing (like a large database).

Documentation: https://snap-in-time.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

# Overhaul - starting 20200303

God, what a mess I made back in 2014. Holy moly, look at that mess: https://github.com/djotaku/Snap-in-Time/tree/b7f1af14aca489a87d9263bdeeeab4d69cdab584 . Lines 51-150 are recreating something that I anticipate will be a cakewalk using built-in modules. Ugh! Anyway, the overhaul branch will be me starting mostly from scratch and doing this correctly, using Pythonic principles and, generally, not sucking like what I wrote 6 years ago.
